# Photogur

We’re going to build our first Rails app! Let’s give ourselves some perspective right now. These past weeks you’ve learned about Ruby, HTML, CSS, among other things (Git and Unix). HTML and CSS let you create webpages. Ruby is a programming language and we learned about Ruby because Rails is built on Ruby (hence Ruby on Rails). Rails is a huge library of methods written in Ruby. In other words, the way you use these methods is with Ruby. That’s why we learned it.

Now that we’ve given ourselves some perspective, what we are about to do is make a Rails application. We’re going to recreate Imgurto some extent, to the extent you can create a new picture, edit it, delete it, and see all of the pictures created.

# Learning Goals:

In broad strokes, without using too many words you don’t know quite yet, by the end of this assignment you want to get an idea of the ‘architecture’ Rails is built on—MVC, which stands for Model-View-Controller. In other words you want to know how to save data to a database, know how to configure a Rails app so that given a URL, certain data is retrieved from the database, and how to display that data using HTML and CSS. For a beginner we can imagine the model is the database, the view is what you see, and the controller is responsible for connecting the database and the view.

Everything else you want to learn in this assignment falls under this bigger idea of MVC. Let it be dynamic routes, parameters, form helpers, migrations, seeds, blah blah blah. The point is: MVC.
